Add information about which driver features dont work with mock hardw… (#1227)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: ur_robot_driver/doc/usage/simulation.rst

descriptions. For more details see `ros2_control documentation
<https://control.ros.org/rolling/doc/ros2_control/hardware_interface/doc/mock_components_userdoc.html>`_
for more details.

> Some driver functions don't work with mock hardware currently:
> 
> * The TCP pose broadcaster does not work.
> * The passthrough trajectory controller does not function when calling the follow joint trajectory action.
> * The force mode controller also does not respond when trying to start force mode.
> * The GPIO controller cannot verify that it has changed the state of an I/O pin, so it will report a failure when trying to set an I/O pin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Some driver functionalities currently don't work with mock hardware:

   * The TCP pose broadcaster does not work.
   * The passthrough trajectory controller does not function when calling the follow joint trajectory action.
   * The force mode controller also does not respond when trying to start force mode.
   * The GPIO controller cannot verify that it has changed the state of an I/O pin, so it will report a failure when trying to set an I/O pin.
```
